feat: added note about large file limits (#4527)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/upsun/src/learn/bestpractices/clean-repository.md

To upload any other files to your app, [create mounts](https://docs.platform.sh/create-apps/app-reference.html#mounts)
and [transfer your files directly to them](https://docs.platform.sh/development/file-transfer.html#transfer-a-file-to-a-mount).

{{< note theme="warning" >}}

{{% vendor/name %}} does not currently support [Git Large File Storage](https://git-lfs.com/). 

> There is a **100MB default file size limit** for direct Git pushes to {{% vendor/name %}}, so please do not upload files larger than this. If you'd like to request a custom limit, please [contact Support](/learn/overview/get-support).

Author: ```suggestion
There is a **100MB default file size limit** for direct Git pushes to {{% vendor/name %}}. Pushing files larger than the limit will result in rejecting the push, so please keep this in mind. If you'd like to request a custom limit, please [contact Support](/learn/overview/get-support).
```
